Update LaunchDarkly dashboard instructions (#1765)
DataDog/integrations-extras: launchdarkly/README.md

### Dashboard widget

1. On the [LaunchDarkly integration tile][8], make sure the LaunchDarkly integration is installed.
1. In Datadog, navigate to an existing dashboard or create a new one.
1. Press the **Add Widgets** button to expose the widget drawer.
1. Search for **LaunchDarkly** to find the LaunchDarkly widget in the **Apps** section of the widget drawer.
1. Click or drag the LaunchDarkly widget icon to add it your your dashboard and open the **LaunchDarkly editor** modal.

> 1. Press the **Connect** button to connect your LaunchDarkly account. A new window opens prompting you to authorize Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press the **Connect** button to connect your LaunchDarkly account. A new window opens, prompting you to authorize Datadog.
```

> 1. Click **Authorize**. You are returned to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Authorize**, which should navigate you back to Datadog.
```

1. Next, configure the following widget options in the **LaunchDarkly editor**:

   - **LaunchDarkly project**: The name of the LaunchDarkly project you wish to associate with the dashboard widget.
   - **LaunchDarkly environment**: The name of the LaunchDarkly environment you wish to associate with the dashboard widget.
   - **Environment template variable**: An optional [Datadog template variable](https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/template_variables/) used to override the **LaunchDarkly environment** option.
   - **LaunchDarkly tag filter**: An optional `+` separated list tags used to filter the feature flags displayed in the widget. If multiple tags are included, only flags that match **all** included tags appear in the widget. If omitted, all of the project's feature flags appear in the widget.
   - **Sort**: The order the flags are displayed in the widget. Defaults to **Newest**.

> 1. Optionally give the widget a title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, give the widget a title.
```
